# proj90
Problem 1 : In my school one of my friend is injured he/she is not able to walk how can we help him/her? Sol:you should do a medical help  Problem 2 : So many students are not able to focus on studies and getting distracted by silly things like any sound. So, how can we generate the focus? Sol: you should start a mediation to increase focus.we can create a app to learn more about increasing focus.you should create a discipline chart or a timetable for 24x7.  Problem 3: My friend is having listening disorder problem what should we do? Sol:you  should take your friend to the doctor and bring her a ear machine so that she can hear everything easily. If medical solution is not available we should learn sign language so that your friend will understand easily.  Problem 4: You don’t have an car or bike  anything and you have to reach your office early and you don’t want that your boss yell at you. What would you do? Sol: you can call a cab or borrow bike from your friend .we should have smartphone to download the cab app.  Problem 5 : your phone is lost and you tried to call your friend from another phone but your friend is also not picking up the call. What would you do? Sol: you can call a emergency number or you can call your family member. Sol : we can save the contacts numbers of all the family members. In clouds so that we can easily sync it.  Problem 6:In my school one of my friend is injured he/she is not able attend classes how can we help him/her? Sol: we can help by creating an app where teacher can upload topics and discuss it and student can also raise the query in the help center.  We’ll take the problem 6 for creating app.
